README.md, before:

<img src="https://th.bing.com/th/id/R.e0037e5b030d948bb2f7ca0604899b8b?rik=1q83Y8ja0ao8jg&pid=ImgRaw&r=0" width="800">

### Greetins from Myanmar! I'm <code><font color="teal">Phyo Thiha</font></code> :wave::heart:
Always love to chat and discuss about tech, and business domains. Interest in internet-of-things and low-level programming. Developing multi business units operational systems for [one of the biggest retail companies in Myanmar](https://cityholdings.com.mm/companies).

:mailbox_with_mail: Reach me at - phyothihakyaw.personal@gmail.com

| <a href="https://github.com/phyothihakyaw/github-readme-stats"><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=phyothihakyaw&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&theme=buefy&hide_border=true" alt="Phyo Thiha's github stats" /></a> | <a href="https://github.com/phyothihakyaw/github-readme-stats"><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=phyothihakyaw&layout=compact&theme=buefy&hide_border=true" /></a> |
| ------------- | ------------- |

<!--
**phyothihakyaw/phyothihakyaw** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Updated mail and added some personal info

README.md, after:

<img src="https://th.bing.com/th/id/R.e0037e5b030d948bb2f7ca0604899b8b?rik=1q83Y8ja0ao8jg&pid=ImgRaw&r=0" width="800">

### Greetins from Myanmar! :wave::heart:
Hi! I'm Phyo Thiha Kyaw aka Ted, a software developer currently based in Myanmar. Always love to chat and discuss about programming, software architectures, web development, games, pets and dogs. Looking for my luck to learn about internet-of-things, low-level programming, and complex business domains. Currently developing multi business units operational systems for [one of the biggest retail companies in Myanmar](https://cityholdings.com.mm/companies).

- :mailbox_with_mail: Reach me at - phyothihacodes@gmail.com
- 🔭 I’m currently working on - a logistics solution for an [ecommerce company](https://citymall.com.mm)
- 🌱 I’m currently learning - clean architecture and Domain Driven Design

| <a href="https://github.com/phyothihakyaw/github-readme-stats"><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=phyothihakyaw&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&theme=buefy&hide_border=true" alt="Phyo Thiha's github stats" /></a> | <a href="https://github.com/phyothihakyaw/github-readme-stats"><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=phyothihakyaw&layout=compact&theme=buefy&hide_border=true" /></a> |
| ------------- | ------------- |

<!--
**phyothihakyaw/phyothihakyaw** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
